[Music]
so we
recommend taking 4 to gen 30 minutes
before bed
mostly because the majority of protein
synthesis that happens in the body
happens at night
but that's just the majority not all of
it so
uh now there's a lot of different
questions
i think based on people having habits
like if you have a habit of having a
protein shake after your workout
i want to be clear there's no benefit to
having protein
after a workout specifically but if
that's when you want to take your
protein okay
like you can do that that's fine so
the two big rules with timing fortigen
is you want to have it at least
two hours after your last meal that
included
protein because sometimes
protein takes a long time to digest and
you don't want it to conflict
with some of the lower qualities of
protein in your nutrition and by the way
everything is lower quality than
photogen
two hours remember that and then if you
want to do
more than one dose of fortigen so let's
say one dose of fortigen
makes up for the equivalent of 50 grams
of other protein source so like
you know like whey or something like
that when you do that
you want to wait 30 minutes between the
doses
at least 30 minutes so
i take two doses a day uh and then i
still want to get
like at least uh 200 grams
when on days that i eat because i don't
eat every day
uh i want to get at least 200 grams of
you know natural source protein meats
really is all i eat so
when you do that you just want to make
sure that there's a 30 minute
period so that your body can absorb what
had already
and absorbs very quickly 30 minutes is a
very short absorption time and then you
can have another dose